Changes after review (#86)
nf-core/seqsubmit: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

To ensure consistency and maintainability of the nf-core/seqsubmit pipeline, contributors should follow these guidelines when implementing new features or modifying existing functionality.

### Code style

> The pipeline is organized into three separate workflows `(mode`s-) because each mode has distinct procedures and requirements. Future development should follow the same structure to maintain consistency and readability.

Reviewer: Better wording

```suggestion
The pipeline is organized into three separate workflows, one for each mode (mags, bins, metagenomic_assemblies, reads), because each data type has distinct submission procedures and metadata requirements. Future development should follow the same structure to maintain consistency and readability.
```
